## To-do
- Create Bootstrapped welding safety observations list.
- Make safety list printable.
- Make safety list filterable by type.
- Convert Word documents to web content.

## Gitbash cheatsheet
- $ color ## <br>
where the first # is background and the second is foreground color.<br>


- $ cls<br>
cleans the screen.<br>


- $ cd foo<br>
Navigate to folder 'foo'<br>


- $ dir<br>
Lists contents of current directory<br>

- $ touch "filename"<br>
Create a file

## Git cheatsheet

- $ git clone https/giturl.git<br>
Clone a Github repository locally

- $ git status<br>
Tells you the status of the Git

- $ git init<br>
Creates a repo (.git file)

- $ git log<br>
Shows a history

### Gitflow
- $ git add<br>
"Stages" file to be committed, use a period to include all

- $ git commit -m "Meaningful commit message"<br>
"Commits" the file to be pushed.

- $ git push origin main<br>
"Pushes" the file to the cloud

## Other references
<details>
<summary>Color codes</summary>
<br>

Character | Color
--- | ---
0	| Black
1	| Blue
2	| Green
3	| Aqua
4	| Red
5	| Purple
6	| Yellow
7	| White
8	| Gray
9	| Light blue
a	| Light green
b	| Light aqua
c	| Light red
d	| Light purple
e	| Light yellow
f	| Bright white
</details>

Youtube videos<br>
Twitch coding channels<br>

## About
- Stylized with Bootstrap.
- Diagrammed with Mermaid.
- Stored and displayed on Github.
- Version controlled by Git.
- Documented with Markdown.
- Graphics generated by Sketchup and Inkscape.
- Scaled-up with React.
- Interfaces with Word files using Python.
- Alternative to Word-based QMS (Printable).
- Ultimate goal is 3D interface, VR compatible, AI assisted.


## Guidelines
- Document everything.
- Ask interesting people interesting questions.
- Try asking AI.

## ✅ Completed tasks
- ✅ Publish safety list to Pages.
- ✅ Welding repo created.
- ✅ Main repo created.
